Clarify discharge to grid entity. (#29647)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/kostal_plenticore.markdown

| Battery Charge from PV Year   | kWh  | Energy charged to the battery from the PV of the current year. |
| Battery Charge from PV Total  | kWh  | Energy charged to the battery from the PV total. |

<div class='note'>

> The inverter does not provide any data for the energy which is going to the grid directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inverter does not provide any data on the energy that is going to the grid directly.
```

</div>

> #### Common Template Sensors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Common template sensors
```
I realize there is heading style capitalization used elsewhere in this text but also in the docs. But we are trying to move to sentence-style capitalization. Following [Microsoft Style Guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization).

> ##### Energy to Grid Total

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Energy to grid total
```

{% raw %}

```yaml
template:
  - sensor:
    - name: "Plenticore Energy PV to Grid Total (Template)"
      unit_of_measurement: "kWh"
      device_class: energy
      state_class: total
      state: >
        {% set yield = states('sensor.scb_energy_yield_total') | float %}
        {% set batteryToHome = states('sensor.scb_home_consumption_from_battery_total') | float %}
        {% set pvToHome = states('sensor.scb_home_consumption_from_pv_total') | float %}
        {{ yield - pvToHome - batteryToHome }}
```

> The `sensor.scb_energy_yield_total` entity contains the total energy including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sensor.scb_energy_yield_total` entity contains the total energy. This includes
```

> the energy delivered to the home and also the energy from the battery to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both the energy delivered to the home as well as the energy from the battery to the
```

> home (Think of it like all energy that leaves the inverter on the AC side).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
home. Think of it like all energy that leaves the inverter on the AC side.
```

> Hence to get the energy to the grid the energy from the battery and pv to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, to calculate the amount of energy flowing into the grid, you have to subtract the energy from the battery and pv to the
```

> home have to be subtracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
home.
```

> Hence, to calculate the amount of energy flowing into the grid, you have to subtract the energy from the battery and pv to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, to calculate the amount of energy flowing into the grid, you have to subtract the energy from the battery and PV to the
```
